Issue 478 bis (#37)
larusba/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/overview.adoc

| apoc.export.graphml.graph(graph,file,config) | exports given graph object as graphml to the provided file
| apoc.export.graphml.query(query,file,config) | exports nodes and relationships from the Cypher statement as graphml to the provided file
|===

> All `Point` or `Temporal` data types are exported formatted as a String

Reviewer: Manca tutta la documentazione di come funziona `export: Gephi` e `caption`

| apoc.export.graphml.graph(graph,file,config) | exports given graph object as graphml to the provided file
| apoc.export.graphml.query(query,file,config) | exports nodes and relationships from the Cypher statement as graphml to the provided file
|===

All `Point` or `Temporal` data types are exported formatted as a String

e.g:
[cols="1m,2"]
|===
|Point 3d | {"crs":"wgs-84-3d","latitude":56.7,"longitude":12.78,"height":100.0}
|Point 2d | {"crs":"wgs-84-3d","latitude":56.7,"longitude":12.78,"height":null}
|Date | 2018-10-10
|LocalDateTime | 2018-10-10T00:00
|===
// end::export.graphml[]

.configuration options
[options=header]
|===
| param | default | description
| format | | In export to Graphml script define the export format. Possible value is: "gephi"

> | caption | | Array of Strings, eg. ['name','title']. If no property was found set the ID. Otherwise set the property to `Label` column

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 | caption | | It's an array of string (i.e. ['name','title']) that define an ordered set of properties eligible as value for the `Label` value, if no match is found the there is a fallback to the node label, if the node label is missing the then the ID is used
```
